okay as you may know I am the proud
producer / host of a new bachelor
spin-off show it's starring kids and
tonight I'm pleased as fruit-punch to
bring you episode 2 of baby bachelor in
paradise first there is the baby
bathroom then the baby Bachelorette I
think and now we bring you welcome to
paradise
baby bachelor in paradise she was pretty
rude to the bartender me baby wants a
ring but I do have a secret there's
something I can probably tell you Johnny
the secret is two feet tall with
pigtails on her head and murder in her
heart
Oh separated are you crazy
oh you're really crazy and you're
looking for a man who understands that
and who can deal with that you seem
confused or you had a crossroads right
now amazing yeah do you think you and
Brendan have what it takes to go all the
way yeah you do and where are you gonna
go I hope that is a Magic Kingdom for
the two of you after Brendan's babymama
drama
Alex and Cosette share a romantic moment
oh it is
I'm tough but he ready nice thank you
for the cool you're welcome you act my
you will come and he bet miss understood
I'm not the bad guy that everybody
thinks I am
[Music]
Donna makes all her for me that guy made
a big mistake what some favorite animal
[Music]
it was great you're the best on the next
baby bachelor in paradise sparks fly
between Adan and Kennedy but Ethan
refuses to play nice charlie hits rock
bottom and the return of jazz miss me
yeah
where's all the adults next time on baby
bachelor in Tara
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares